feat: extend craft_application.git module (#576)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

Author: All the changes are new here

Reviewer: @medubelko can you take a look at these changelog entries please?

Changelog
*********

4.6.0 (YYYY-MMM-DD)
-------------------

Git
===

> - Extend ``craft_application.git`` module with the following APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend the ``craft_application.git`` module with the following APIs:
```

  - Add ``is_commit(ref)`` and ``is_short_commit(ref)`` helpers for checking if

>     given ref is a valid commit hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a given ref is a valid commit hash.
```

>   - Add ``Commit`` model to represent ``get_last_commit()`` result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a ``Commit`` model to represent the result of ``get_last_commit()``.
```

> - Extend ``GitRepo`` class with additional methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend the ``GitRepo`` class with additional methods:
```

>   - Add ``set_remote_url()`` and ``set_remote_push_url()`` alongside their get
>     counterparts.
>   - Add ``set_no_push()`` to explicitly disable ``push`` for specific remotes.
>   - Add ``get_last_commit()`` to retrieve last commit hash and message.
>   - Add ``get_last_commit_on_branch_or_tag()`` to retrieve last commit
>     associated with the given ref.
>   - Add ``fetch()`` method for retrieving remote objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Add ``set_remote_url()`` and ``set_remote_push_url()`` methods and their
    getter counterparts.
  - Add ``set_no_push()`` method, which explicitly disables ``push`` for
    specific remotes.
  - Add ``get_last_commit()`` method, which retrieves the last commit hash and
    message.
  - Add ``get_last_commit_on_branch_or_tag()`` method, which retrieves the last
    commit associated with a given ref.
  - Add ``fetch()`` method, which retrieves remote objects.
```

> - Use ``craft.git`` for git-related operations done via ``subprocess`` in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use ``craft.git`` for Git-related operations run with ``subprocess`` in
```
